docs(book): intro rewrite (#683)
ariel-os/ariel-os: book/src/introduction.md

**Ariel OS** follows an approach whereby it simultaneously integrates a curated ecosystem of libraries (available via crates.io),
and adds missing operating system functionalities as depicted below.
Such functionalities include for instance a preemptive multicore scheduler, portable peripheral APIs,
additional network security facilities, as well as a meta-build system to bind it all together.
Last but not least the CI process for each pull-request to Ariel OS includes extensive and rigorous tests
which are automated for all supported configuration and hardware.

As a result, a low-power IoT developer can focus on business logic
sitting on top of APIs which remain close to the hardware but
nevertheless stay the same across all supported hardware,
inspired by what [RIOT](https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/) tends to in that regard.
The intent is three-fold: decrease application development time,
increase code portability, and decrease core system vulnerabilities.

In a nutshell: **Ariel OS** contributes to the global effort aiming to (re)write IoT system software
foundations on more solid ground than what traditional building blocks written in C can provide.

> Even [POTUS roots for that](https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Final-ONCD-Technical-Report.pdf).

Author: yes. How about rephrasing to "the white house"? This report is pretty surprisingly spot-on, especially for something originating from the high-level political sphere, so I thought it would make sense to point to it

> Even [POTUS roots for that](https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Final-ONCD-Technical-Report.pdf).

Reviewer: IMO, too much politics for a README, I'd rather have it not there.

> Even [POTUS roots for that](https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Final-ONCD-Technical-Report.pdf).

Author: OK, l'll cut it out then

# Introduction

Ariel OS is an operating system for secure, memory-safe, low-power Internet of Things (IoT).
Ariel OS is based on Rust from the ground up.

> Targeted hardware includes various hardware based on 32-bit microcontroller architectures (such as Cortex-M, RISC-V, Xtensa).

Reviewer 2: Is this already the case?  (also for line 6 and 7, the sentences with 'targeted')
If not, maybe stick to what we already have. This intro is an introduction to what Ariel OS is right now, stay clear on that. If we want to show what we target, add a paragraph about vision with the targeted goals.

Author: I think we should leave that in.

The targeted **memory footprint** (RAM and flash memory) is measured in hundreds of kilobytes.
The targeted **power consumption** levels enable applications lasting 1+ years on a small battery.

> Ariel OS  builds on top of existing projects in the Embedded Rust ecosystem, including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ariel OS builds on top of existing projects in the Embedded Rust ecosystem, including
```

[Embassy](https://github.com/embassy-rs/embassy), [esp-hal](https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal),
[defmt](https://github.com/knurling-rs/defmt), [probe-rs](https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs),
[sequential-storage](https://github.com/tweedegolf/sequential-storage), and
[embedded-test](https://github.com/probe-rs/embedded-test) among others.

> Ariel OS follows an approach whereby it simultaneously integrates a curated ecosystem of libraries (available via crates.io),

Reviewer 2: This sentence contains a lot of high-level English, making it harder to understand. I did not understand what it meant the first time I read it. Can it be rewritten to less academic English?

Author: The audience is technical here. So there is a level of complexity we can reach. That said it should not overcomplicate things ;)

and adds missing operating system functionalities as depicted below.
Such functionalities include for instance a preemptive multicore scheduler, portable peripheral APIs,
additional network security facilities, as well as a meta-build system to bind it all together.

As a result, a low-power IoT developer can focus on business logic
sitting on top of APIs which remain close to the hardware but
nevertheless stay the same across all supported hardware,
inspired by what [RIOT](https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/) tends to in that regard.
The intent is three-fold: decrease application development time,
increase code portability, and decrease core system vulnerabilities.

In a nutshell: Ariel OS contributes to the global effort aiming to (re)write IoT system software
foundations on more solid ground than what traditional building blocks written in C can provide.
And this is a joyful and welcoming open-source community, so: [join us](https://github.com/ariel-os/ariel-os)!

<p style="text-align: center; margin: 4em">
  <img src="figures/ariel-os-arch-diagram2.svg" alt="Architecture diagram">
</p>

### Further Reading

> As Ariel OS builds on top of the embedded Rust ecosystem, readers of this book
> could benefit from also reading the [Rust book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/),
> the [Embedded Rust book](https://docs.rust-embedded.org/book/)
> and the [Embassy book](https://embassy.dev/book/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to know more about the embedded Rust ecosystem that Ariel OS builds on top of, you could take a look at the [Rust book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/), the [Embedded Rust book](https://docs.rust-embedded.org/book/) and the [Embassy book](https://embassy.dev/book/).
```

(easier readable and directly talking to the reader instead of indirectly)
